Hello and welcome back to the Python programming course.
All right.
Section recap.
So what did we learn in this section in this section.
We learned first of all what is IList.
We talked about lists and we also compared them to vectors in our.
If you've learned our programming before and we kind of got comfortable with that whole concept in general
then we created some lists we use two methods we used square brackets just to specify each individual
element of a list and we use the range function we talked about how the range function is different
Python 3 versus Python 2.
Then we use the square brackets to actually access our lists.
We also learned about slicing lists and we learn how to use the colon operator to slice lists.
We had some very interesting tutorials on that topic that we're talking about tuples a bit because tuples
are like lists they're just immutable you can't really change the values of tuples can change at all
and they're just use for other purposes in Python.
And we will be coming across them as we program in Python throughout the score so it was a good idea
just to quickly get introduced to tuples.
Then we spoke about functions and our and we had that interesting analogy of a function being a blender
or somehow you just as you put delicious fruits and berries into a blender yet a smoothie on the output
.
Same thing of functions.
You give it some inputs and then you get some outputs and also package's we talked our packages and
our and how they are just sets of functions to increase the capabilities of ply them depending on what
you need in your specific project and your specific circumstances.
And then we also talked about Nam pie and arrays.
So non-payers is a package that you'll probably be using quite a lot if not all the time being a data
scientist using Python and arrays is.
So we talked about different types of arrays that you can have one dimensional and two dimensional arrays
.
And we'll be talking more about those when we're moving onto matrices for the down of course.
And finally we talked about slicing arrays that you can slice them in a very small matter as you can
with lists.
All right so hopefully enjoyed this section of the course and you got a lot of value out of these tutorials
.
And definitely if there's something that's unclear then it's a very good idea to go back and revise
that specific tutorial before proceeding to the next section because this course of action a way that
it builds on previous knowledge and we're going to be revising this also even if some things are clear
and you understand them but at the same time you feel that you don't have enough practice at this stage
.
Don't worry about it too much because further down in the next section of the course we'll be practicing
Most of these topics anyway.
And I look forward to seeing you throughout the course.
Until next time happy coding
.